Content for requests to Safe ecosystem foundation.md (#51)
ubiquity/business-development: Content for requests to Safe ecosystem foundation.md

### Forms

**Form on https://safe.global/**

Contact us
https://notionforms.io/forms/get-in-touch-with-the-safe-ecosystem-foundation

Submit your project (for technical integrations only)
https://github.com/safe-global/safe-ecosystem-database/issues/new?assignees=&labels=project+%3Agame_die%3A&template=suggest_project.yaml&title=Suggest+a+project

**Forms on https://www.gnosis.builders/contact-us**

Collaborate with us
https://forms.monday.com/forms/8636cfde490a3ce083f083e5376487a9?r=use1

Connect with the team 
https://forms.monday.com/forms/37fe262572726e8f752319bea04448bd?r=use1

---

### 1. Safe to provide bounties for DevPool

**COMPANY/DAO/PROJECT NAME**

DevPool by Ubiquity DAO

**COMPANY/PROJECT WEBSITE** 

> https://github.com/ubiquity/devpool-directory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
https://github.com/ubiquity/devpool-directory/issues
```

Author: @pavlovcik I accepted this suggestion but then realised that this point is about COMPANY/PROJECT WEBSITE and I reverted the link.

The link to DevPool issues is provided as well in other point - PLEASE TELL US IN DETAIL WHAT YOUR PROJECT DOES ...
https://github.com/ubiquity/devpool-directory/issues

Maybe change the link in the point COMPANY/PROJECT WEBSITE to https://dao.ubq.fi/devpool ?

**PLEASE TELL US IN DETAIL WHAT YOUR PROJECT DOES, WHAT YOU WANT TO DO WITH THE SAFE, AND WHERE THE CORE CONTRIBUTORS CAN HELP (150 CHARACTERS MINIMUM)** 

DevPool is a Web3 freelance marketplace on top of GitHub. 
It scales development throughput with talents available on GitHub and automates routine freelance management activities.
Ubiquity uses Gnosis Chain for payouts to DAO members and freelancers.

DevPool is in beta testing with the open issues listed here https://github.com/ubiquity/devpool-directory/issues

> Currently, the cost for DevPool services is only payout for freelancers without any fees for the DevPool itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, the cost for DevPool services is for projects to pay freelancers. However we do not incur any fees at this time.
```

> We offer that DevPool will solve several issues currently open in your GitHub projects https://github.com/safe-global https://github.com/gnosischain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We know that using our system will grant Gnosis DAO the capability to directly financially incentivize the community to close out open issues on https://github.com/safe-global https://github.com/gnosischain
```

Looking forward to your feedback.

---

### 2. Ubiquity to create a Dapp to the Safe marketplace

**COMPANY/DAO/PROJECT NAME**

Ubiquity DAO

**COMPANY/PROJECT WEBSITE** 

https://ubq.fi/

**PLEASE TELL US IN DETAIL WHAT YOUR PROJECT DOES, WHAT YOU WANT TO DO WITH THE SAFE, AND WHERE THE CORE CONTRIBUTORS CAN HELP (150 CHARACTERS MINIMUM)** 

Ubiquity DAO is building an ecosystem bridging the gap between Web3 and traditional economies.
There is a stablecoin, a freelance marketplace, and a payment card among the Ubiquity products.
Ubiquity DAO uses Gnosis Chain for payouts to DAO members and freelancers.  

We offer Gnosis and Safe Ecosystem to partner in the creation of the Safest crypto card.

Users' funds will be protected with the complete set of security features:
- Using the Safe crypto wallet
- Shielding the card information with temporary virtual cards (as on https://privacy.com/)
- Ability to configure card transaction multisig with on-chain and common 2FA methods (a customizable analog of 3DS)
- Abilitity to configure white- and black-lists, as well as spending limits for transactions (by MCC, countries, specific destinations)

> - Ability to protect funds by temporary card freezing in case or customizable fraud triggers

Reviewer: You're speaking as if we already have the card available. Perhaps its more accurate to state that it'll be available soon™️

Author: Thank you, updated to highlight that the card is planned

> - Ability to protect funds by temporary card freezing in case of customizable fraud triggers.

Reviewer: All the card related stuff seems a bit irrelevant to Gnosis I would imagine. Perhaps it's better to exclude those details, and maybe even the stablecoin. 

I say this because they aren't dependencies of the DevPool offering necessarily. It obfuscates our proposal from having them focus on the most important offering: using the bot.

Reviewer 2: agreed. less is better and more focused with them at this point.
